Brad from David Adams we're going to be
opening 07 artifacts football i'm joined
here by a sports car enthusiast as well
as a local radio talk show personality
my choked everybody 07 football loaded
with rookies adrian peterson obviously
okay yeah peterson and you're at word in
Buffalo area Lynch and Edwards
absolutely it was specially Lynch so I
let Edwards obviously just coming on
deaf at the end so if you were what do
you guys know great rookie class a
couple of them we don't really know we
have yet like Brady Quinn for example
absolutely jamarcus russell but our
anyone else you know no artifacts has
been out a while but it doesn't make any
less exciting that's true i think it's a
our best pricing um produced by upper
deck for football and basketball and
baseball last few years has been doing
in this is the fledgling football your
first one yes I think that's right
that's right how many packs we have
bread 10 packs for character pack 4 hits
per box okay so take pic aside I will do
so just dig them out and pull it up any
way you can stare at medinian Tomlinson
and their power blues here have well we
do this dose right structure me too yeah
me too ya ready start absolutely go
ahead because I did give your face cards
and then you have I think three
parallels to the base card okay Ray
Lewis number 2 250 game used jersey
purple super bowl MVP by the way for
that it's trophy p absolutely and i have
an odd Andre Ellison a rookie card from
the Vikings now I don't know how you
like to open up well this is a college
picture anyway but if you recommend
Vikings and you started sort of scroll
down and that could have gone really
exciting and then there there might have
been a big letdown no offense to this
guy absolutely but I know with hockey
know when I saw the purple jersey with a
very low
yes no offense the guy but you're
opening 05 06 SP authentic hockey and
you see penguins and you get Maxine
Talbot yes where is it Colby Armstrong
till you can get poor backseat Elba to
what did he ever do to deserve that and
it's not a bad player just now that's
right you what you see penguins it's
pretty exciting okay artifacts rookie in
this pack is John Beck Miami quarterback
got some playing time last year I would
think they'd be hoping this year it goes
better I would think of that last year
west because i don't if it doesn't go
any better mmm he's going to be hanging
out with Brody Carell and no nice
prospect gonna be while you absolutely
cool my perky is a matte tränen from the
cardinals in Michigan State uniform
pretty uneventful so far set the lowest
Jersey the factor college pictures you
remember that these are came out of jun
07 there's a lot of people like the
college pictures though you had a lot of
college collectors enthusiasts who enjoy
them on the college uniform mm-hmm it
being a a non press pass product or a
non college product with college you
know informs picture so we've got a lid
on you number 2 99 is Jordan Palmer
Carson Palmer's brother yep dear with
Washington although it's just picture
him with what I'm not sure the school I
don't even know a new tab UTEP miners I
think it was you talk about and I think
he's a major attend a sign them in the
Cincinnati enough to be I think it's
right yes I think that's right cool
Jordan Palmer speaking of Cincinnati we
have a card here of a guy who's been
much of the headlines lately but to see
how it shakes out a Chad Johnson mmm a
very awesome receiver and uh guy likes
to talk a lot right Oh Cho Cinco event
we've talked to him a couple times at
Super Bowls just these everybody's best
friend at super bowl
one of those guys just you know puts his
arm around yeah like he's known you
forever there you go then he forgets
your name you can't forget his a thing
look rice Car'das I know it's probably
not good the blood is out of the an a
for AFC and a glossy Sheen to its
numbered out of 250 how come yours is
AFC in mine for Ray Lewis in NFL okay I
think I think there's a AFC NFC cards
which is the NFL logo voters AFC cards
and then there's Senate fellers books
and there's an FC which would be a nun I
see Cory good to that each are we doing
then we'd like to see something more out
thing and I'm sure a well okay NFL photo
shoot flashback fabrics this is tatum
bell of denver does say event more
memorabilia number 2 350 so two pieces
both dark blue the makeup of the fabric
is a little different I've an insert
card of deshaun Foster it's an NFL fax
card different from the base up although
a nice glossy design base cards by the
waves clinton portis get the idea the
big initials of the player behind the
player the artifact style my best bass
characters have a peyton manning is you
you got Marvin Harrison philip rivers or
blacks go bears I guess I go with my
hair so now on I I think such as all
fame caliber probably absolutely one
more for me
darren sproles NFL facts kind of my
deshaun foster right whoo oh look at
that actually got a nice car it is an
Alex Smith photo shoot flashback fabric
dual Jersey autograph number two of
cotton that's nice so finally after all
those packs I think we got a big hit
here yep nice car number two tenants big
time injured last year at the end of the
season but still has a lot of potential
you know wouldn't you say I wouldn't
want to evaluate that but I know he was
a first overall pick he's the
quarterback since I intestinal 49ers I
didn't say he was going to be on he
hasn't been he hasn't been great but
that doesn't really necessarily tell you
a lot about is just you know this value
in the hobby that's right it's a great
card and they revolving door with
receivers they did sign Brian Johnson
and we didn't and then you and I did not
that's right that's cool that's a good
one right had a nice guy auto out of 10
with two pieces is nice yep can't beat
that and is it may look absolute like
the Tatum Bell in that photo shoot
flashback right it is a vent warned they
say right I like to look at that to see
if it's game-worn photo shoot you know
differently it says photoshoot on the
front but just say event warrant event
I'd be and they're clarifying a little
more than they used to which is a good
thing yeah like it I like a signature
tune you'd actually read the name of the
player yes yes not something you want to
take for granted anymore no it's not
you're actually correct very good nice
nice finish
you